Refs: #8621 add warning listener (#190)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/core/entity/entity.rst

The listener interfaces that each entity type and their callbacks are explained in the documentation
for each entity type.

> .. note::

Reviewer: I think this is a warning more than a note.

   Only one thread is created to listen for every listener implemented, so it is encouraged to

>    keep listener functions simple, and leave the process of such information to the proper class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   keep listener functions simple, leaving the process of such information to the proper class.
```

.. warning::

>    Do not to create or delete any Entity from a Listener, since it could lead to an undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Do not to create or delete any Entity within the scope of a Listener member function, since it could lead to an undefined
```

>    behavior. It is recommended instead to use the Listener class as an information channel, and use the upper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   behavior. It is recommended instead to use the Listener class as an information channel and the upper
```
